# pkix_setup
## Description
A DevSecOps to establish a local root CA, and manage a local PKIX V2. To enable V3, you'll need to set some extensions and manage them yourself. You can always edit this code to support your extensions.

I did my best to comply with Mozilla's modern recommendation regarding the server side. These include (1) using Elliptic Curve Digital Signature Algorithm (ECDSA) for signing the certificate, and thus the root CA uses an ECDSA, with the P-256 curve; and (2) the certificates should not last longer than 90 days. Some claim that this curve, P-256, is NSA backdoored. However, this claim is but a claim.

The key generated is in PKCS#8 format.

You will need to fine-tune the `openssl.cnf` file according to your needs. You can't automate everything :p

## Requirements
Only OpenSSL is required. The scripts will attempt to install it / update it.

## Features
  1. Create the local PKIX's needed folders and files, configure OpenSSL to use them.
  2. Create the CA's private RSA key, the CSR, and the certificate.
  3. Look for CSRs in the CSR folder, sign them, and publish them to the local certs folder.
  4. Verify certs.
  5. Print out certs

## How to use
Firstly, run `pkix_setup.sh`.
Secondly, run `cert_sign.sh`.

## Directories
    1. certs/ Stores the certificates generated by the CA.
    2. crl/ Stores the Certificate Revokation List.
    3. csr/ Stores the Certificate Signing Requests submitted by others.
    4. newcerts/ Temporary stores new certificates recently generated by the CA.
    5. private/ Stores CA's private key.

# Developer's Request
I desire your feedback. Please, test my code and critisize it; and review my code and critisize my algorithm.
